so I was at my friend heather's house
last night and I really wanted to write
a rap so I said give me a topic she said
fishing like okay I'm not to go fit
because of sole fish I leave you always
us with me going fishing about to go to
you you big son you gonna be so jealous
when I catch a big one I got my tackle
box and my fishing pole I'm gonna get
some fish out on the Pacific coast don't
act like you don't know I go to Florence
yo on the water I wanna float like
t-pain i'm on a boat and you know all
the ladies wanna holla but i'm out in
open water trying to catch a holla but
not a match for salmon on the master of
planet this mission trip it's a mission
trip not a fucking ship but a powerful
like if we can blast from a cannon I'm
not to go fishin because I'm so
efficient I leave you always you was
with me goin fishin I'm not to go visit
you dig son you gonna be so jealous when
I catch a big one it ain't fishing
season but I'm killing up like a high
school classroom my fishing net is
filling up going like it's cancerous but
I'm not mine in chemo while your man is
watching movies I'm out grinding finding
nemo and if you kiss my behind they'll
say he touched the bud I got a Japanese
family three lines we're getting dishes
in my blood and you can stay home but
now just notice while you're playing
cards I'm about to go bitch I'm about to
go because of sofas I'll leave you
always you was with me going fishing
about to go dig you dig son you gonna be
so jealous when I catch a big man I'm
not to go fish because it's open
Eileen always he was about to go fish
you dig son you gonna be so jealous when
I catch a big one dedicated a Heather
Ashley case also dedicated for Bryan
Stevenson fresh to say he ain't why
would be a sin it's a song about fishing
enjoy the rest of your day